README.md, before:

# dev-ocean
A list of dev resources which I found interesting and use alongside in my programming journey

## API

- [Temp API](https://tempapi.proj.me/) — A temporary rest API for your frontend app.

## CSS

- [CSS Stats](https://cssstats.com/) — Get analytics and visualizations of your stylesheets for further design and performance improvements.
- [CSS Gradient](https://cssgradient.io/swatches/) — Tool that lets you create gradients for the web.

## Database

- [Fauna](https://fauna.com/) — Flexible, developer-friendly, transactional NoSQL database with native GraphQL.

## Design

- [Figma Crash Course](https://www.figmacrashcourse.com/) — Figma's course which takes you deeper into its powerful features.
- [Interfacer](https://interfacer.xyz/) — A collection of 300+ free design resources.
- [Freebie Supply](https://freebiesupply.com/) — Free, high quality design resources for Photoshop, Sketch, Illustrator, Adobe XD CC and Figma.

## Deployment

- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) — Simple and easy to use serverless deployment platform for web apps.
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) — From the team that made [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), a zero configuration and production grade hosting for web projects. 
- [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) — A platform as a service (PaaS) that enables to build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud.
- [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) — Easily build, test, manage, and scale applications of any size.

## Icons

- [Boxicons](https://boxicons.com/) — A free collection of carefully crafted open source icons. Each icon is designed on a 24px grid with the material guidelines.

## Illustrations

- [unDraw](https://undraw.co/) — A design project with open-source illustrations.
- [DrawKit](https://www.drawkit.io/) — Free and premium vector SVG illustrations, no attribution required.
- [Blush](https://blush.design/) — Fully customizable and stunning illustrations made by artists across the globe.
- [Humaaans](https://www.humaaans.com/) — Mix-&-match illustrations of people.
- [Ouch](https://icons8.com/illustrations) — Royalty-free clip art vector images and illustrations in PNG, SVG formats.
- [ManyPixels](https://www.manypixels.co/gallery) — Editable and royalty-free SVG and PNG illustrations.
- [Absurd](https://absurd.design/) — Surrealist illustrations. The artworks combine the absurdity and childishness.
- [IRA Design](https://iradesign.io/) — Build your own illustrations using gradients and hand drawn sketch components.

## Images

- [Lorem Picsum](https://picsum.photos/) — Lorem Ipsum for photos.
- [Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/) — Compress and compare images with different codecs, right in your browser.
- [Carbon](https://carbon.now.sh/) — Create and share images of your source code.

## SVG

- [Get Waves](https://getwaves.io/) — Wave generator to make unique SVG waves for your next web design.
- [Blog Maker](https://www.blobmaker.app/) — Shapes generator to create random, unique, and organic-looking SVG shapes 


## Tailwind

- [Tailwind-UI Kit](https://www.tailwind-kit.com/) — 250 components and Templates for React, VueJS and Angular.
- [Tailwind Toolbox](https://www.tailwindtoolbox.com) — Open source starter templates, components and a directory of building kits, generators, plugins, tools.
- [Creative Tim's Tailwind CSS Pack](https://www.creative-tim.com/learning-lab/tailwind-starter-kit/presentation) — A collection of templates and components in JavaScript, Angular, ReactJS, VueJS, CSS.
- [Tailblocks](https://tailblocks.cc/) — Ready to use tailwind CSS components.
- [Kutty](https://kutty.netlify.app/components/) — A tailwind plugin with stable components for building web applications.
- [Tailwind Components](https://tailwindcomponents.com/) — Tailwind CSS examples components by the community.
- [Wicked Blocks](https://blocks.wickedtemplates.com/) — A collection of layouts and components built with Tailwind ready to copy and paste on your next project.
- [Tailwind Starter Kit](https://tailwind-starter-kit.vercel.app/) — A library of components made with Tailwind CSS to bootstrap your projects.


## Other

- [LanguageTool](https://languagetool.org/) — Open source grammar, writing style and spell checker.

Commit message:

added fonts and markdown resources

README.md, after:

# dev-ocean
A list of dev resources which I found interesting and use alongside in my programming journey

## API

- [Temp API](https://tempapi.proj.me/) — A temporary rest API for your frontend app.

## CSS

- [CSS Stats](https://cssstats.com/) — Get analytics and visualizations of your stylesheets for further design and performance improvements.
- [CSS Gradient](https://cssgradient.io/swatches/) — Tool that lets you create gradients for the web.

## Database

- [Fauna](https://fauna.com/) — Flexible, developer-friendly, transactional NoSQL database with native GraphQL.

## Design

- [Figma Crash Course](https://www.figmacrashcourse.com/) — Figma's course which takes you deeper into its powerful features.
- [Interfacer](https://interfacer.xyz/) — A collection of 300+ free design resources.
- [Freebie Supply](https://freebiesupply.com/) — Free, high quality design resources for Photoshop, Sketch, Illustrator, Adobe XD CC and Figma.

## Deployment

- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) — Simple and easy to use serverless deployment platform for web apps.
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) — From the team that made [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), a zero configuration and production grade hosting for web projects. 
- [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) — A platform as a service (PaaS) that enables to build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud.
- [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) — Easily build, test, manage, and scale applications of any size.

## Fonts

- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) — Huge collection of beautiful, fast, and open typography.
- [css.gg](https://css.gg/app) — Pure CSS icons library, Customizable & Retina-Ready built.
- 

## Icons

- [Boxicons](https://boxicons.com/) — A free collection of carefully crafted open source icons. Each icon is designed on a 24px grid with the material guidelines.

## Illustrations

- [unDraw](https://undraw.co/) — A design project with open-source illustrations.
- [DrawKit](https://www.drawkit.io/) — Free and premium vector SVG illustrations, no attribution required.
- [Blush](https://blush.design/) — Fully customizable and stunning illustrations made by artists across the globe.
- [Humaaans](https://www.humaaans.com/) — Mix-&-match illustrations of people.
- [Ouch](https://icons8.com/illustrations) — Royalty-free clip art vector images and illustrations in PNG, SVG formats.
- [ManyPixels](https://www.manypixels.co/gallery) — Editable and royalty-free SVG and PNG illustrations.
- [Absurd](https://absurd.design/) — Surrealist illustrations. The artworks combine the absurdity and childishness.
- [IRA Design](https://iradesign.io/) — Build your own illustrations using gradients and hand drawn sketch components.

## Images

- [Lorem Picsum](https://picsum.photos/) — Lorem Ipsum for photos.
- [Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/) — Compress and compare images with different codecs, right in your browser.
- [Carbon](https://carbon.now.sh/) — Create and share images of your source code.

## Markdown

- [Commonmark](https://commonmark.org/help/ ) — Learn Markdown with interactive tutorial.
- [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org) — A free and open-source reference guide that explains how to use Markdown. Which also consists of extended syntax from main ones and other tools which uses Markdown.
- [Dillinger](https://dillinger.io/) — Online Markdown editor, write and export content into HTML, STYLED HTML, Markdown or PDF right from your browser.
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) — A simple, highly customizable and open source markdown application for your PC.
- [Typora](https://typora.io/) — A cross-platform minimal markdown editor, providing seamless experience for both markdown readers and writers.

## SVG

- [Get Waves](https://getwaves.io/) — Wave generator to make unique SVG waves for your next web design.
- [Blog Maker](https://www.blobmaker.app/) — Shapes generator to create random, unique, and organic-looking SVG shapes 


## Tailwind

- [Tailwind-UI Kit](https://www.tailwind-kit.com/) — 250 components and Templates for React, VueJS and Angular.
- [Tailwind Toolbox](https://www.tailwindtoolbox.com) — Open source starter templates, components and a directory of building kits, generators, plugins, tools.
- [Creative Tim's Tailwind CSS Pack](https://www.creative-tim.com/learning-lab/tailwind-starter-kit/presentation) — A collection of templates and components in JavaScript, Angular, ReactJS, VueJS, CSS.
- [Tailblocks](https://tailblocks.cc/) — Ready to use tailwind CSS components.
- [Kutty](https://kutty.netlify.app/components/) — A tailwind plugin with stable components for building web applications.
- [Tailwind Components](https://tailwindcomponents.com/) — Tailwind CSS examples components by the community.
- [Wicked Blocks](https://blocks.wickedtemplates.com/) — A collection of layouts and components built with Tailwind ready to copy and paste on your next project.
- [Tailwind Starter Kit](https://tailwind-starter-kit.vercel.app/) — A library of components made with Tailwind CSS to bootstrap your projects.


## Other

- [LanguageTool](https://languagetool.org/) — Open source grammar, writing style and spell checker.
